If you can quit, quit. If you can't quit, stop complaining - this is what you chose.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
It's in the darkest moments where someone can experience a massive breakthrough.
Go get 'em tiger.
Just keep swimming.
You can do it!
"Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy."–Norman Vincent Peale
"Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm."–Winston Churchill
Every great movement starts with a simple thought in the mind. It begins with a little step forward. Never discount what you are doing right now and call it small - as long as you are moving forward.
"My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength."–Michael Jordan
Every time you stay out late; every time you sleep in; every time you miss a workout; every time you don’t give 100% – You make it that much easier for me to beat you.”--Unknown
“If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can dream it, you can become it.”–William Arthur Ward
"Out of clutter, find Simplicity. From discord, find Harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies Opportunity."–Albert Einstein
"If we did all the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves."–Thomas Edison
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take."–Wayne Gretzky
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts."–Winston Churchill
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us."–Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If you can quit, quit. If you can't quit, stop complaining - this is what you chose."-J.A. Konrath
"Every great movement starts with a simple thought in the mind. It begins with a little step forward. Never discount what you are doing right now and call it small - as long as you are moving forward."-Jannette Green
You got it, dude!
You're on a roll!
Keep up the good work.
Push through, the finish line is in sight.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
It's not about being better than someone else, it's about being better than you were yesterday.
When you think about quitting thing about why you started.
Nobody can want it for you, you have to want it for yourself.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
You're looking sharp today.
You're sharp as a tack and fit as a fiddle.
Have you lost weight?
You're on fire!
